# README #

To access this project, please download [Source Tree](https://www.sourcetreeapp.com/). once downloaded, run the application and when prompted, sign in with your bitbucket username and password. Once you have done this you should be presented with a screen of repo's (projects) connected with your account. This project should show there, if not skip the setup and return to this page and click 'clone' in the top left, this should open the project in source tree and ask you to supply a destination on your computer to save the project. once cloned, you should have a working version of our project on your computer. When you run the unreal project, it may ask to rebuild, just click ok.

Once working, there are a few more steps to do. First you will need to create whats called a 'gitignor' file. To do this, first close unreal. Next, in sourcetree find the 'binaries' folder. This can be more easily identified by changing the view from 'flat list' to 'tree view' in the window dropdown, towards the top which will look like three little lines. Once the folder has been located, right click and click ignore, and then adjust the settings of ignore to 'just this project' and 'files with names. Next click finish. If you look in the folder section now there should be a new gitignor file, double click to open or right click and open with text editor. delete the contents and replace with the following text from [here](https://github.com/samsheff/UE4-Gitignore/blob/master/UE4.gitignore). 


once this is done save and return to source tree. This should have adjusted your source-tree settings and told it what to upload and what to ignore. This helps keep conflicts down and reduce unnecessary file size. Unreal projects contain engine generated files which are not necessary, theses are the files which can be build on your system and will also not be needed. 

next we need to configure unreal to acknowledge source control is in use, so open the project and click ‘source control’. This should open a popup asking to select type, select ‘git’ from the drop-down. Now it should have acknowledged the location of the git folder in the project, click ‘run with source control’.

Now whenever you have made the changes to the project which are working (please don’t commit a broken project!) save your project and all changes inside and return to source tree. In 'working version' you should see a section called 'staged files' which is basically all the files in the project you have changed and that will be committed to a version, and then push (or alternatively set the commit at the bottom of the 'working version' page to push automatically. Add any necessary details about what you have done to the project so we can amend if something goes wrong. 

Commit is a bit like a save state, where you can go back to a previous version. These commits are local to your machine, and team members can only acecss changes if you push to the remote (bitbucket) and team members 'pull' to download your changes. 